all right well here's the solution that
I came up with basically I just had a I
took a brand new eighth inch drill bit
nice and sharp and just drilled a whole
series of holes right in there as close
as I could to each other
the idea being like a paperclip you've
been to paperclip back and forth enough
times and eventually it breaks because
everything else on the whole length of
the dash has been cut except for this
area I use the drill just because it
really seemed like the best tool your
toolbox maybe more well equipped than
mine and if you got something better for
this then go ahead and use it but this
is what I used and now I'm gonna see if
I can bend this back and forth to
actually break all the little area in
between those holes and see if I we can
get this - out
all right let's try something else
okay so pending it did almost nothing so
now what I'm gonna try just a small
little cold chisel and a hammer let's
see where that gets me it's working
pretty good so keep going
that's nearly all of them just a few
more to go
okay it's free all the way in one little
spot right there
that means it's super-new that's it she
fell down she's off in there let's pull
it out
there she is have one piece ready to get
sanded and primed and painted got a
little cleanup work along this edge that
we cut drilled and chiseled away that
but other than that she's in real good
shape I'm happy with well I thought I'd
jump back in the truck and give you a
shot of what it looks like without the
dash in there and this is just great I'm
I'm really happy I did this because it
makes it a lot easier to to get in here
and clean all this crap up there's a
bunch of dust and grease and grime and
gunk all over this I can take the pedals
out real easy and spray those which is
some flat black or something like that
just to make them look a little cleaner
same with the whole gas pedal assembly
the heater box I'm probably gonna take
it off because I'm gonna paint the whole
firewall and everything and so yeah just
get get all this kind of cleaned up and
paint it and looking nice and you know
it's all in the detail work and actually
you can see up here maybe you can I
don't know the lights a little bad but
there's almost no paint up in this area
where the factory paint just couldn't
get up in there so anyway I'm gonna come
in here now that I've got all this room
all this room to work with I'm gonna
come in here with my spot weld cutter
and actually cut off the rest of this
little flange that was part of the - cut
that off clean it up and let's start
prepping everything to get sanded and
primed and paint it so uh I hope this
helps you
I recommend it it's a lot of hard work
but it really does make getting back
there a lot easier it's a lot easier
than laying on the floor working on your
back with a bunch of crap pollinating
your eyes and you just do
it just allows you to do a much better
job not only to clean up the firewall in
the cattle area but do a real nice paint
job on the actual metal - that you're
going to reinstall here so hope these
videos helped and if you haven't
subscribed please subscribe